Fix interceptors bugs involving ref this parameters (#74363)
dotnet/roslyn: docs/features/interceptors.md

Author: Particularly looking for feedback on the design doc changes here.

When a call is intercepted, the interceptor and interceptable methods must meet the signature matching requirements detailed below:
- When an interceptable instance method is compared to a static interceptor method (including a classic extension method), we use the method as if it is an extension in reduced form for comparison. The first parameter of the static method is compared to the instance method `this` parameter.
    - The implementation currently requires the interceptor to be an extension method for this comparison to work. We plan on addressing this before releasing .NET 8.

> - The returns and parameters of the respective methods, including the `this` parameter, must have the same ref kinds and types.

Author: ```suggestion
- The returns and parameters of the respective methods must have the same ref kinds and types.
```

We may also want to consider adjusting behavior of `[EditorBrowsable]` to work in the same compilation.

### Struct receiver capture

An interceptor whose `this` parameter takes a struct by-reference can generally be used to intercept a struct instance method call, assuming the methods are compatible per [Signature matching](#signature-matching). This includes situations where the receiver must be implicitly captured to temp before the invocation, even if such capture is not permitted when the interceptor is called directly. See also [12.8.9.3 Extension method invocations](https://github.com/dotnet/csharpstandard/blob/standard-v7/standard/expressions.md#12893-extension-method-invocations) in the standard.

```cs
using System.Runtime.CompilerServices;

struct S
{
    public void Original() { }
}

static class Program
{

>     public static void Interceptor()

Reviewer: Is this meant to be an instance method? If not having a `static` method named `Interceptor` here is a bit confusing. It's not a part of the `Interceptor()` resolution below (unless I'm missing somtehnig).

Author: It's not, I should have just named this Main or something.

    {
        new S().Original(); // L1: interception is valid, no errors.

>         new S().Interceptor(); // error CS1510: A ref or out value must be an assignable variable

Author: What this sample is meant to demonstrate is that even though directly calling `Interceptor()` would fail here, using it to intercept call to instance method `Original()` will succeed.

    }
}

static class D
{

>     [InterceptsLocation(1, "..(refers to call at L1)")]

Reviewer: What is L1?

Author: L1 is a commented line earlier in the sample

    public static void Interceptor(this ref S s)
}
```

> The goal of this is to avoid a "decoder ring" experience where an interceptor author needs to copy exactly the same ref kind sometimes and use a different ref kind other times, depending on the call arguments. We generally want that if your interceptor is accessible at the call site and uses all the same parameter ref kinds and types that you will be allowed to intercept.

Reviewer: Not following the decoder ring bit because the `ref` kind is the same here.

Author: I unintentionally made this point confusing. Let me try to re-state it.

If we were to disallow intercepting a call like `new S().Original()` with an interceptor like `public static void Interceptor(this ref S s)`, it means one of two things:

1. If you don't own type `S`, you have no ability to intercept calls to `Original` (unless user happens to always be calling it on a compatible lvalue). This seems like an unreasonable limitation.
2. Or, we would devise some other rule which allows intercepting a call like `new S().Original()` with an extension method. For example, by permitting it if the interceptor takes its `this` parameter by-value, since a direct call to the interceptor method would be valid in that case. The "decoder ring" would be the interceptor author's decision of which ref kind to use, based on the call receiver.

We may also want to consider adjusting behavior of `[EditorBrowsable]` to work in the same compilation.

### Struct receiver capture

> An interceptor whose `this` parameter takes a struct by-reference can generally be used to intercept a struct instance method call, assuming the methods are compatible per [Signature matching](#signature-matching). This includes a specific situation where the interceptor wouldn't be directly usable as an extension method, due to the receiver being an rvalue. See also [12.8.9.3 Extension method invocations
> ](https://github.com/dotnet/csharpstandard/blob/standard-v7/standard/expressions.md#12893-extension-method-invocations) in the standard.

Author: ```suggestion
An interceptor whose `this` parameter takes a struct by-reference can generally be used to intercept a struct instance method call, assuming the methods are compatible per [Signature matching](#signature-matching). This includes situations where the receiver must be implicitly captured to temp before the invocation, even if such capture were not permitted in the case where the interceptor was called directly. See also [12.8.9.3 Extension method invocations](https://github.com/dotnet/csharpstandard/blob/standard-v7/standard/expressions.md#12893-extension-method-invocations) in the standard.
```
